this radical here means heart the
Communists did this and left us with a
simplified character for love
it was truly heartless I'm gonna tell
you a little bit more about it without
telling you too much about it
but even if you just looked at this one
example if you had no other examples
this already is enough to discredit
China uncensored and show you that this
guy is a hack this guy is doing a
dishonest hatchet job so gg notice he
tells you what one of the components in
the character represents tells you what
one of them represents there are some
other components they're visible on
screen right and it wasn't for some
reason he only tells you that one of the
symbols represents the human heart what
do you think that is directly below it
what do you think that is and why he
doesn't mention it in the traditional
character that's a foot f o o T that's a
human foot and this is one of the Kangxi
radicals it's referred to as a go
radical walking radical but it some
people call it the foot radical it's a
pictograph of a foot so I noticed if
your theory was that this this amendment
to the language is to try to brainwash
the Chinese people do you think that
before in the earlier period before
communism everyone in China was a foot
fetishist and there was some kind of
powerful association between love and
feet and then they got rid of the foot
and what did they were place it with
well of course that's the character all
level one students learn in Chinese as
in pungho
basically meaning friendship so you
could give a completely different
interpretation of even the
simplification of just this one
character and say no no it's not that
they're removing a heart and replacing
it with friendship they're removing a
foot and replacing it with friendship so
maybe that's an improvement to the
character guys if we're gonna criticize
communism let's do it honestly let's do
it on the level let's not do it
in the audience this way
what at my people one of the very few
sources you can go to for news politics
and history of China analysis of things
Chinese is a YouTube channel called
China uncensored and they have an
Associated podcast they have a whole
little Empire here on the Internet and
in a sense I encourage it because there
is almost nothing else you could
possibly watch or listen to but
unfortunately I am in the position of
being a critic of the content they're
producing both politically and in terms
of what they have to say about the
Chinese language so obviously I am a
white Western male I did not grow up
speaking Chinese I've now studied
Chinese for several years after studying
a number of other Asian languages I have
both more practical ability in the
language than the guy who runs this
channel and much more of a technical
understanding of the history of the
language the writing system it's built
on so on and so forth and if you dial
back you're gonna see videos discussing
that on this channel from five years ago
when I first started hacking into
written Chinese and scizzin but let's
not get too technical here
the only other disclaimer I have to
offer before we talk about the
particular examples is that I am in no
way a pro communist person I am in no
way a supporter of the communist
government of China both of my parents
were communist I was raised communist
but I rejected communism and in the
decades since then I'm an old man with a
beard now as you can see I have
researched and written essays about the
history and politics of communist
countries not just China but sure
especially China it's been a big part of
my life so it's a rare combination there
are people who are Pro communists or
communist sympathizers but most of the
people who are ante communists don't
really know a lot about communism and
because of my background I guess I have
the worst of both worlds in some ways
and the best of both worlds in others
all right let's take a look at what this
guy says about simplified versus
traditional Chinese George Orwell's
classic 1984 the totalitarian party
creates new speak a modified form of
English created to control how people
think it was double plus good in
mainland China the Communist Party
dramatically changed the traditional
written language that had been used
throughout
much of Chinese history they replace it
with simplified Chinese characters so
for instance this is the traditional
Chinese character for love this radical
here means heart the Communists did this
and left us with the simplified
character for love
it was truly heartless the idea of
modifying Chinese characters didn't
start with the Chinese Communist Party
but mounted on originally wanted to take
it to an extreme so technically if you
can read traditional characters you can
read anything written in the past 2,000
years
simplified characters on the other hand
first came into use in the 50s the
Communist Party had only recently seized
control over the mainland and began
systematically eradicating traditional
Chinese culture replacing it with
communist ideology so in a precursor to
the Cultural Revolution which saw the
destruction of the four olds old customs
old culture old habits old ideas they
targeted the writing system first you
see Chinese characters or what was now
being called traditional Chinese
characters contained within them the
traditional culture and thought of China
each character tells a story
you guys might imagine I'm like super
hype to jump on this topic like I was
really enthusiastic to make a video
debunking or counteracting this kind of
historical misrepresentation of what the
difference between simplified Chinese in
traditional Chinese is I'm not at all
I really hate making this kind of
infomercial or an edutainment on the
Chinese language it is not rewarding for
me in any way it only makes you enemies
it never makes you friends but I
actually at a conversation with a
colleague who has a PhD and is generally
pretty intelligent person I was just
stunned by you know how the language
barrier was really made even worse even
more mysterious by her fundamental
confusion about what traditional Chinese
is what simplified Chinese is and what
the relationship between them is so look
guys here it is real simply this kind of
hysterical ridiculous theory that
simplification was created in order to
cut off the Chinese people from a
meaningful connection with their own
history heritage okay how does that how
does that work with the example you see
on screen now right so the insect okay
before there were three little symbols
the same radical meaning insect or
vermin sometimes snake it's that kind of
that kind of character okay and then the
simplified version is just one so are
you gonna tell me how is this mind
control again how is this like George
Orwell's 1984
your original hypothesis there on this
dude how is this cutting people off
marriage no this is simplification in
the truest sense the word that's all
there is to it
here's a koala the second character is
simplified the first one stays the same
what am I gonna tell you I personally
really dislike the simplified character
I don't think it really saves you much
time in terms your handwriting not once
you're good at Chinese penmanship I
think it's ugly it's needlessly abstract
I mean the first symbol is pretty close
to meaningless but the simplified one is
even more meaningless so it's not really
an improvement it just seems like a
really ugly clunky shorthand for the
real character but nevertheless it's
just a simplification there's nothing
more to be said about it than that
there's no secret psychological theory
you can transpose on it it's not
deleting the heart out of love it's not
I mean there's no ideological agenda
here you have got to be kidding me it's
taking a complex character and trying to
reduce the number of brush strokes you
guys can probably tell I'm trying to
give you as few examples as possible in
as efficient a manner as possible we
could do hundreds we could look at all
kinds of examples and focus just on the
meaninglessness of simplification what
I'm trying to point out to you here is
that even when it may seem a meaningful
and when it may seem politically
motivated normally if you do a little
bit more research into the etymology and
history of these I know shorthand forms
it turns out that it is not political
and a no symbolic significance
whatsoever so these are two different
characters used to mean country and in
historical context it sometimes means
Kingdom I have heard people try to
politicize this simplification in the
same way that China uncensored so
dishonestly misrepresents the history of
the character meaning love as if you
know the modification of love is some
evil conspiracy to control the minds of
the Chinese people
really doesn't make sense well some
people would tell you that the older
character for country here has an image
of a weapon like a halberd that you have
to defend your country with weapons and
that then the civil fight character
instead inside has the symbol meaning
Jade Jade a type of precious stone and
that this is some kind of political
conspiracy now actually the symbol
that's on the inside of the traditional
character for country you will know from
hoja meaning now like perhaps can just
mean or the English word Oh are can be
also bit be more like perhaps in English
but here's the terrible truth but
contrast here we have three different
symbols that all mean a turtle or
tortoise if you use your imagination you
can actually see that the traditional
character really is a picture of a
tortoise on the right-hand side there's
the shell and there's the tail at the
bottom at the top is the head to
eisenhorn then on the left hand side you
can actually see two claws poking out
right so it is actually a pictograph of
a tortoise then you look at the
simplified carriage do you think what is
that where where did they get that from
well the answer is the simplified
character is very clearly influenced by
the Japanese character so the Japanese
have their own tradition of simplifying
characters and of codifying
simplifications of characters in most
cases not all but in most cases the
Japanese version of a character was just
selected from some writing methodology
that existed somewhere in China at some
period of time sometimes there are their
innovations that took place in Japan but
guess what when we come back and look at
the different symbols for country yeah
it seems so political but guess what in
Japan they use both symbols and this
idea of putting Jade in a box as a
simplification has it's been around in
Japan since forever so if it has any
kind of psychological or symbolic
significance you can't blame the
Communist Party for it
see how that works this is normal
Chinese handwriting in as much as
anything can ever be called normal
in Chinese handwriting if you can read
Chinese
you'll actually
be able to tell the exercise that was
engaged in here is relevant to what
we're discussing in the video I learned
Chinese in conveying China and I've been
practicing the transition from using the
mainland communist simplified standard
to using traditional characters because
we're moving to Taiwan so I did actually
study traditional characters in the past
also when I first first started learning
Chinese that's what I was using but the
bulk of my Chinese education was in
mainland China so this is actually
communist propaganda then I was
transcribing it from standard Chinese
into traditional Chinese if you were to
ask what is the best Chinese writing
system to learn the answer is both I'm
interested in the study of politics
history etc so I want to know the
standard using Communist China also even
if I'm just gonna engage in a criticism
of what's going on the Communist China
here's the thing this may look
intimidating and if you just count the
number of brush strokes which is what
most of these dictionary programs will
do for you you think oh this is gonna
take forever the truth is once you get
used to Chinese writing conventions
there really isn't a perceptible
difference in the amount of time it just
isn't you get used to it
yeah once in a while you can find an
extreme example of a character where the
simplification really saves you some
time but the crushing irony is once
you're used to it you're used to it and
it just never seems to me for example a
really benign example all right to study
do I really feel I'm saving a
significant amount of time if instead we
use the simplified standard no I don't
and finally this is what most people
will give us a positive example but to
me it's a horrible example this is shoot
on one so if we're really doing like
schoolteachers tones here we exaggerate
the tones true
sounds ridiculous it's not the way
people really speak Chinese blood that's
how people say it in front of the
blackboard to make it sound clear okay
so this is xu xin book and actually the
traditional character on the left is
meaningful if you understand it radical
by radical and brush stroke by
brushstroke and you understand the
etymology it is a mean
full pictograph and it has been reduced
to a meaningless shorthand for that
pictograph so I think that's really
regrettable I think that's a step in the
wrong direction so look guys I am
totally biased in favor of what China
uncensored is doing here I'm biased in
their favor but still I'm not gonna lie
to you I'm not gonna lie to myself and I
am calling you guys out for creating
cynical dishonest misleading political
propaganda on the Internet that is no
better than anything the Communist Party
has done it is just as bad and worse
than a lot of things you criticize the
Communist Party for when the Communist
Party comes out with propaganda or a
slightly slanted version of events if
you're out here saying that you answer
to a higher standard that I challenge
you you should delete those videos you
should retract it and what do you have
time no rush when this question of the
simplification of Chinese comes up you
should tell the goddamn truth because if
you don't you're no better
in this respect at least then the people
you criticize
[Music]